Added custom certs support for private locations instructions (#24831)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/synthetics/synthetic-monitoring/private-locations/job-manager-configuration.mdx

  Local modules: While your `package.json` can include any local module, these modules must reside inside the tree under your custom module directory. If stored outside the tree, the initialization process will fail and you will see an error message in the [docker logs](/docs/synthetics/new-relic-synthetics/private-locations/job-manager-maintenance-monitoring#monitor-docker-logs) after launching SJM.
</Callout>

> ## Configure Custom CA Certificates for Private Locations [#custom-ca-certificates]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure custom CA certificates for private locations [#custom-ca-certificates]
```

> If your synthetic monitors need to connect to internal HTTPS endpoints secured by a private Certificate Authority (CA), you can mount your custom CA certificates directly into the Synthetics Job Manager (SJM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your synthetic monitors need to connect to internal HTTPS endpoints secured by a private Certificate Authority (CA), you can mount your custom CA certificates directly into the SJM.
```

The SJM automatically detects these certificates and passes them to each runtime container at startup. This ensures your monitors trust your internal endpoints without requiring you to build or maintain custom runtime images.

> ### Certificate Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Certificate requirements
```

To ensure the SJM loads your certificates successfully, they must meet the following criteria:

- **Format:** Certificates must be in PEM format with a `.pem` file extension.
- **Permissions:** Files must be readable by UID 2000 (the non-root user that runs the runtime container).

> - **Certificate Type:** Only CA certificates are loaded. Any leaf certificates (server or client certificates) that lack the `CA:TRUE` basic constraint extension are automatically ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Certificate type:** Only CA certificates are loaded. Any leaf certificates (server or client certificates) that lack the `CA:TRUE` basic constraint extension are automatically ignored.
```

> ### Deployment Environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deployment environments
```

> Select the tab or section below that matches your container orchestration platform to mount your certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select your container orchestration platform below to mount your certificates.
```

<CollapserGroup>
  <Collapser id="custom-ca-docker" title="Docker">
    Mount the local host directory containing your PEM files to the SJM container path `/var/lib/newrelic/synthetics/certs` as a read-only volume.

    ```sh
    docker run \

>       -v /path/to/ca-certs:/var/lib/newrelic/synthetics/certs:ro \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -v /PATH/TO/YOUR_CA_CERTS:/var/lib/newrelic/synthetics/certs:ro \
```

      newrelic/synthetics-job-manager
    ```

>     **How it works:** The SJM detects the mount at startup and injects the certificates as read-only into every dynamic runtime container it spawns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **How this works:** The SJM detects this mount at startup and propagates the certificates as read-only to every dynamic container it spawns.
```

  </Collapser>

  <Collapser id="custom-ca-podman" title="Podman">
    For Podman environments—especially those running with SELinux enabled—you must append the `:z` or `:Z` flag to the volume mount to configure the correct security context.

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

missing the opening code quotation

>     ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

    podman run \

>       -v /path/to/ca-certs:/var/lib/newrelic/synthetics/certs:ro,z \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -v /PATH/TO/YOUR_CA_CERTS:/var/lib/newrelic/synthetics/certs:ro,z \
```

      newrelic/synthetics-job-manager
    ```
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser id="custom-ca-kubernetes" title="Kubernetes (Helm)">
    When deploying SJM to a Kubernetes cluster via Helm, you can manage your custom CA bundle as a generic Kubernetes secret.

>     **1. Create the Kubernetes Secret**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **1. Create the Kubernetes secret**
```

    Store your PEM certificate file(s) in a secret within your New Relic agent namespace:

>     ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

    kubectl create secret generic my-ca-bundle \

>       --from-file=root-ca.pem=/path/to/root-ca.pem \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --from-file=root-ca.pem=/PATH/TO/YOUR_ROOT_CA.pem \
```

      -n newrelic
    ```

    **2. Update your Helm values**

    Reference the newly created secret in your custom `values.yaml` configuration:

    ```yaml
    global:
      customCertificates:
        volume:
          secret:
            secretName: my-ca-bundle
    ```

>     **How it works:** When the SJM pod starts up, the secret is automatically mounted read-only and propagated down to all newly created runtime execution pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **How this works:** At startup, the SJM mounts this secret and automatically passes it down to all newly spawned execution pods.
```
